Part ten out of ten is the perfect one
no size no fear we do
six illegal fakes card a whole
normal fakes have everything there is easy
something successful is marginal
we drank the pink colors we change
begging us to know almost everything
you know more writes more clearly
we just try in now
make smallest sony
forget everything that is learned their
Part 95 as dirty and not mine
Of course, there is a lot of case
playful that is it also exists
from the opponent a little bit too
fooled and fade accepted
One thing is still in front of every human being has one
some movement pattern on the fight this
your opponent learns pattern while in two
minutes know that means he knows
about how you move when there is one
good fighter is i can read or
has been watching videos before that try
we're breaking a bit
break the rhythm I have her like
you see, if I'm not up and down here
always move an option
because of the dish from the front to the back
then this applies now to break by
for example short-distance that is one
make a quick move and out of this
movement can of course the
striking track and nothing
comes and there opponent busy
as so complex I can go in
we can do the same thing, too
if you have good luck and your opponent
save that the time, we can
at that time also a field draw disappoint
but with the forest afterwards
everything legally dirty no what I
Of course my fight sometimes say
pass when attacking took what
happened he happened something
Doing politics know exactly what
he comes to the very front and gives directly
to adjust
nobody says that there is a kiss in front
The referee says Veit
then you might like to fight the
hand stop if you think okay that
other sphere
but caution is there , after all, fast
on you that means loose forward
go no longer be on the handshake
I stood directly the hand carries away completely
first point in a bad mood
a very good one and you have it automatically
the attention for the fight
steered when it is negative
no matter if it's a nice clean tricks
I 've got myself out now, I have it now
still have the classic how much clock
actually I'm quite fond or
Also called we just look away
got
and we can do that with the saver
make and yet go in or we
can protect that with the foot
that is also always happy
Of course, studying is also rare
you can use something from me
maybe even the qualified one though
Looking away, for example
the news and of course, come
but then it is also different lousy
even if you disappointed ok and timeout
the time was fighting sunday is stopped
it would not protect something with the ones
I do not usually agree, most of the time
In the middle I want to be on the edge
Do not do that anymore if I am
be open here
hate I say stop stop stop
and then just go in
but that is really nice
very borderline I think that was
really the punishment adopt official
sign but it frustrates the opponent
of course in 3d one for it
cautionable a set point stationed there
he has no desire for the opposing band
be more medium and less
was hit hard
let's say I want to do now in the biz
over on the accident with the liver in the
Schedule make time
nothing of my body exactly meets him
now I have no more air like that
right
drive up show there is
go to the coach for a time-out
The coach has to go with the gloves then
I've been around for a few seconds
it's natural to breathe that , of course
sometimes it is lousy when and in the
pressure device to the limit of the
tackle device the pink comes easy
dangerously close and I just hope
I think just run away nice
take out the anti-social is available
a warning is not bad
is worse than having a point
cashed the fck has happened believe
I just rain out everyone
Eerie in any case you have to
offers itself if you still only
Few time to fight say we lead
10 82 points ahead of the opponent
Of course, now try this very much
catch up two points
And then it's easy time
it's just going to blow
to let
there is no warning yet
point deduction it anyway and that comes
Almost for our next five
Share there is not fighting tactics in it
show you the tactics a bit yes
with the felix as I said from you yet
more
We're going a lot, too
the time is a bit limited yes
I know it's just this semi-contact
deceive it much much and wait for the
35 12 35 Kampfaktik is coming soon